Often times when people think of Reddit,
they think of trolls, memes, and
unsavory content. Let's dispel some of
the myths and misconceptions about
Reddit. Reddit is a social media
platform housing thousands of
communities known as subreddits, where
users share content and engage in
discussions in a forumlike manner on the
subreddit's topic of interests. I'm
Chris Buik, and I will be your
instructor for this course.
[Music]
Reddit has many different communities
and realistically everybody will find
something that is related to their
interest. 43% of B2B decision makers are
on Reddit and not on
LinkedIn. This course will help you get
started with Reddit ads. From creating
the account through launching the
campaign to analyzing the
[Music]
performance, you're going to walk away
from this course knowing how to optimize
your Reddit ads campaigns effectively
from start to finish. We will cover
principles of testing, test design, and
how to get budget for testing. I will be
sharing the reporting I use, how to out
the accounts, and how to optimize the
[Music]
performance. If your budget allows for
it, you should consistently test new
communities, new creatives, new
objectives, and if it ties with your
company's marketing strategy, new
regions. This is what separates good
from great marketers, as this will help
you increase your Reddit ads performance
over
[Music]
time. You're going to walk away from
this course armed with knowledge to
decide if you should scale your account
at this stage, as well as how to scale
it.
If you are consistently doing testing,
introducing new creatives, and manually
adjusting beats, you should be getting
five to 20% better results each month,
especially with in platform metrics such
as lower CPC, lower CPM, and higher CTR.
And if you are being more efficient with
your budget in the platform, that
generally translates to a better impact
of Reddit ads on business.
[Music]